Add `Segmented Group` documentation (#1282)
hashicorp/design-system: website/docs/components/form/input-group/partials/specifications/anatomy.md

## Anatomy

### Base component

> ![Input Group Base Anatomy](/assets/components/form/input-group/input-group-base-anatomy.png =800x*)

Reviewer: This image appears to be stretched and grainy. I think the size declaration is probably a little off.

| Element | Usage |
|---------|-------|

> | Input | Required; can be one of many types extended via the [Text Input](/components/form/text-input) component. |

Reviewer: There was an example on the "Guidelines" page that didn't include an Input; it only included Buttons/Toggles, so you may want to reconsider how this is documented.

Author: Within the base component this would be required, but using the primitives could create any type of custom combination. I'll look into adding a bit more clarity around the assembly of subcomponents and how the base component is related/builds upon.

| Segmented Button | Required; can be either default or toggle which are extensions of the Helios [Button](/components/button) and [Toggle Button](/components/dropdown#toggle) components. |
| Container | Wraps the subcomponents in an auto layout container. |

!!! Info

> The Input Group `Base` component is only available in Figma and is best used in less complex scenarios which don't perform complex filtering or functions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Input Group `Base` component is only available in Figma and is best used in less complex scenarios which don’t perform complex filtering or functions.
```

!!!

### Subcomponent anatomy

> The subcomponents contained within an Input Group are extensions of Helios form components and have the same anatomy as the master components they map to.

Reviewer: We try to avoid using "master" within HashiCorp because of the negative connotation. Usually, I see "main" used instead.

```suggestion
The subcomponents contained within an Input Group are extensions of Helios form components and have the same anatomy as the main components they map to.
```

Author: Good catch, thanks for getting that

## States

> The Input Group doesn't have it's own state intrinsically, instead, the nested component primitives should maintain their own interactive state corresponding with the master component specs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Input Group doesn't have its own state intrinsically; instead, the nested component primitives should maintain their own interactive state corresponding with the main component specs.
```

> The Input Group doesn't have its own state intrinsically; instead, the nested component primitives should maintain their own interactive state corresponding with the main component specs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Input Group doesn’t have its own state intrinsically; instead, the nested component primitives should maintain their own interactive state corresponding with the main component specs.
```
